Project on Cryptography of local language text using Python. Used Google translate API for text language conversion and implemented Vigenere Cipher Algorithm to generate Cipher.
Cryptography is the study of techniques to Encrypt and Decrypt Data of different formats. It mainly deals with the process of hiding the data so as to secure it from hackers. While there are numerous methods available for encrypting and decrypting, the main challenge is to secure the data from highly automated counter-attacking softwares to reveal the original data. In this report, A method for encrypting and Decrypting data in Local Languages was presented. Also, an approach to encrypt and decrypt Images was followed after. Cryptography is all about using algorithms, that include mathematical equations, and keys to encrypt and decrypt data of different data formats.
There are two types of cryptography viz., Symmetric Key Cryptography and Asymmetric Key Cryptography. In this project, we shall have a discussion on Symmetric Key Cryptography, Wherein the same Key is used to encrypt and decrypt as well. Key is something that is transferred to the receiver end via a secret channel and is must to bring back the original message from the cipher text (encrypted form of plain text). 
Text in any Local language can be translated to formal English as majority of the cryptographic algorithms are based on ASCII values defined over the English alphabets and special symbols. And then at the decryption end, 
In Symmetric Key Cryptography, An algorithm named Vigenere cipher that is used to encrypt and decrypt alphabetic text is presented. As an addition, the same is implemented for Numerical text wherein the user is given a choice to encrypt the numeric text to cipher text in number or Mixed mode where every text including alphabetic and numeric are converted to alphabetic cipher text.
In Image encryption, the image data is read from the file in internal storage and was encrypted through a xor operation. By xor-ing as the data is unable to be recognized by the processor, the file converts into an unsupportable format and image can’t be displayed. After the process of decryption where the data is again xor-ed, the data becomes similar to the original text and same image is displayed as the output.
